README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/instant-ebf.appspot.com/o/github%2Finstant-light-corner-background.png?alt=media&token=390f7718-13cc-41b0-9e5e-575a1be0504a" alt="Instant logo" />
</p>
<h3 align="center">Your friends, for real.</h3>
<p align="center">Share daily random moments with your friends and discover who they really are.</p>

<br />

<p align="center">
    <a href = "https://developer.android.com/jetpack/androidx/versions/all-channel#december_16_2020">
      <img src = "https://img.shields.io/badge/Jetpack%20Compose-1.0.4-brightgreen" />
    </a>
    <a href = "https://img.shields.io/badge/Kotlin-100%25-blueviolet">
      <img src = "https://img.shields.io/badge/Kotlin-100%25-blueviolet" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/EBfVince/Instant/actions/workflows/main.yml">
        <img src="https://github.com/EBfVince/Instant/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg" alt="Build CI">
    </a>
    <a href="https://gitmoji.dev">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/gitmoji-%20😜%20😍-FFDD67.svg" alt="Gitmoji">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/EBfVince/Instant/stargazers">
        <img alt="GitHub stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/EBfVince/Instant">
    </a>
</p>

<br />

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/instant-ebf.appspot.com/o/github%2Finstant-intro-image.png?alt=media&token=9226b230-ae2d-427f-8dde-fdeab2f151fb" alt="Instant screenshots" />
</p>

<br />

## ✨ Instant
Instant is a social media actually under heavy development.

## 🧑‍💻 Tech stack
- Language: Kotlin only
- UI: Jetpack Compose
- Architecture: MVVM
- Caching: Room
- Dependency injection: Koin
- Backend: Firebase Firestore and Storage

## 🚧 Work in progress
The project is actually in development. You are welcome to participate.

Commit message:

📝 Updating README file with Easy startup section

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/instant-ebf.appspot.com/o/github%2Finstant-light-corner-background.png?alt=media&token=390f7718-13cc-41b0-9e5e-575a1be0504a" alt="Instant logo" />
</p>
<h3 align="center">Your friends, for real.</h3>
<p align="center">Share daily random moments with your friends and discover who they really are.</p>

<br />

<p align="center">
    <a href = "https://developer.android.com/jetpack/androidx/versions/all-channel#december_16_2020">
      <img src = "https://img.shields.io/badge/Jetpack%20Compose-1.0.4-brightgreen" />
    </a>
    <a href = "https://img.shields.io/badge/Kotlin-100%25-blueviolet">
      <img src = "https://img.shields.io/badge/Kotlin-100%25-blueviolet" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/EBfVince/Instant/actions/workflows/main.yml">
        <img src="https://github.com/EBfVince/Instant/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg" alt="Build CI">
    </a>
    <a href="https://gitmoji.dev">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/gitmoji-%20😜%20😍-FFDD67.svg" alt="Gitmoji">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/EBfVince/Instant/stargazers">
        <img alt="GitHub stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/EBfVince/Instant">
    </a>
</p>

<br />

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/instant-ebf.appspot.com/o/github%2Finstant-intro-image.png?alt=media&token=9226b230-ae2d-427f-8dde-fdeab2f151fb" alt="Instant screenshots" />
</p>

<br />

## ✨ Instant
Instant is a social media actually under heavy development.

## 🧑‍💻 Tech stack
- Language: Kotlin only
- UI: Jetpack Compose
- Architecture: MVVM
- Caching: Room
- Dependency injection: Koin
- Backend: Firebase Firestore and Storage

## 🚀 Easy startup
You are able to authenticate with Firebase Auth thank's to the debug.keystore file added to the repo. Feel free to try the project and open pull requests.


Durring development, you can use Firebase Emulators to develop easily.
You can install [Firebase tools here](https://firebase.google.com/docs/cli#install_the_firebase_cli).

First, let's install the functions
```cmd
cd firebase/functions
npm i                       or yarn
npm run build               or yarn build
```

Then, we can start emulators in the firebase folder
```cmd
cd firebase
firebase emulators:start
```

## 🚧 Work in progress
The project is actually in development. You are welcome to participate.
